README.md, before:

# Lucky Dungeon

## Objective and Game Flow:

The primary goal of Lucky Dungeon will be to advance through a randomly
generated, unique dungeon full of different monsters and treasure by
rolling some dice! As you traverse the dungeon, you will find loads
of different **weapons**, whose power depends on a dice roll and are
placed in your inventory to use at any time, and **armor** which
will reduce the damage you take when your opponent attacks you.
You can also occasionally find healing potions that will restore
your health and allow you to keep exploring.

If at any point during your adventure that you grow tired, you can
have your adventurer take a rest and return to the dungeon once they
are rested. Traverse through the linear dungeon, do anything in your
power to protect your own life, and get as far as you can in the endless
dungeon.

## Why I Chose This Project

This game can be enjoyed by gamers who play dungeon crawler games and
turned base strategy. I personally spend a lot of my time playing
games centered around both of these features and wanted to create my own
iteration on the dungeon crawler formula. I also want to experiment with
pseudo-random generation of dungeons and how to go about creating
interesting rooms/levels that are all interconnected and lend to
replayability.

## User Stories

- As a user, I want to be able to collect different weapons and armor.
- As a user, I want to be able to view and use the different weapons 
  in my inventory during battle.
- As a user, I want to be able to add weapons to my inventory when I
  find them in the dungeon.
- As a user, I want to be able to equip and discard different pieces
  of armor when a new one is found.
- As a user, I want to be able to have my adventurer rest, close the
  game, and be able to pick up right where I left off.
- As a user, I want to be able to start a new game after an adventure
  ends.

Commit message:

Phase 1 task 1 push. Removed MyModel.java. Modifies user stories to more closely meet project requirements and specifications. Added several classes with unit tests to create data model for game: - Entity and its subclasses Player and Enemy which represent the player themself and their attributes and the enemy they fight against. - Item and its subclasses Armor and Weapon to represent items the player can pick up and equip/use. - Inventory to hold the items the player picks up in the game.

README.md, after:

# Lucky Dungeon

## Objective and Game Flow:

The primary goal of Lucky Dungeon will be to advance through a randomly
generated, unique dungeon full of different monsters and treasure by
rolling some dice! As you traverse the dungeon, you will find loads
of different **weapons**, with different levels of power and durability,
and are placed in your inventory to use at any time, and **armor** which
will reduce the damage you take when your opponent attacks you.

If at any point during your adventure that you grow tired, you can
have your adventurer take a rest and return to the dungeon once they
are rested. Traverse through the linear dungeon, do anything in your
power to protect your own life, and get as far as you can in the endless
dungeon.

## Why I Chose This Project

This game can be enjoyed by gamers who play dungeon crawler games and
turned base strategy. I personally spend a lot of my time playing
games centered around both of these features and wanted to create my own
iteration on the dungeon crawler formula. I also want to experiment with
pseudo-random generation of dungeons and how to go about creating
interesting battles that lend to replayability.

## User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to add or remove multiple items (weapons or armor),
  X, from my inventory, Y.
- As a user, I want to be able to view a list of all the items, X, in my inventory, Y.
- As a user, I want to be able to equip different armor and weapons that can be used in battle
  to defeat enemies.
- As a user, I want to be able to battle an enemy until either myself or them runs out of hitpoints.
- As a user, I want to be able to view the different stats (defence, attack, and hitpoints) of
  myself and enemies.
